{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red70\green137\blue204;\red23\green23\blue23;\red202\green202\blue202;
\red85\green129\blue224;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c33725\c61176\c83922;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
\cssrgb\c40392\c58824\c90196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 # PyCity Schools Analysis\
\
This Analysis is also available in the PyCitySchools Jupyter Notebook, above the code.
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 -\cf4 \strokec4  Perhaps the most important conclusion to glean from this data is that charter schools outperformed district schools in terms of their average scores in math and reading, as well as in terms of the rate at which students passed their math and reading classes. However, it is unclear whether this better performance resulted from smaller student populations -- and, therefore, smaller class sizes and better resource allocation for each student -- or from the methods used to teach students at these schools, which are wholly absent from the data.\cb1 \
\
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 -\cf4 \strokec4  Large school budgets and per capita spending had little effect on school performance. In fact, the schools with the lowest per capita spending had the highest performance (see 'Scores by School Spending' section). Four of the top five schools in terms of school performance were in the bottom brackets of per capita spending, whereas all five of the lowest performing schools were in the top two brackets of per capita spending. Interestingly, according to the Per School Summary several more of the charter schools that achieved overall passing rates of eighty-nine or ninety percent, although perhaps outside of the top five schools, were also in the bottom two spending brackets. This perhaps suggests a more efficient allocation of resources for the student population in the charter schools, although more data and information are needed to understand how this is done, and where district and charter schools allocate their resources. (For example, do charter or district schools allocate more to their math and reading curricula? Do district schools have costs that charter schools do not?)\cb1 \
}